>> Scott Moss: So that's just
a super basic example of GraphQL.
I'm sure you guys have a lot of
questions about what's going on,
and that's the whole point of this course,
is we're gonna dive through all the things
that I just did plus more in more detail
to figure out what's actually happening.
But in the meantime, what I want you to do
is take what I did and add some more types
to your cat or whatever you did,
or maybe even add another type.
And see if you can make some more queries,
or maybe add some more fields to this cat,
and don't forget to update your
resolvers to take advantage of that.
For instance, if I was gonna add
another field on cat called age,
and it's a number or integer,
>> Scott Moss: And
if I save this, let the server rebuild,
just to show you what will happen
if I don't update my resolver.
And I come back here, I'll refresh this so
I get some nice autocomplete, and now,
you can see that I can type an age.
But because I didn't update my
resolver to send back an age,
actually this will be fine,
cuz I didn't put a requirement on it.
Yeah, let me put a requirement on it.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so now if I go
back and I try to execute this I'll get
an error, because I didn't update my
resolver to send back an age, and
age is supposed to be required.
So as you can see,
it starts to get very complicated.
But just play around with it.
I didn't tell you about any of the types,
so
you can just use strings for everything.
You saw that I used something called int,
you can try that.
But just see if you can add some fields,
add some more stuff to
the resolver down here,